{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi everyone,\
\
Here are some details about the final exam:\
\
The exam will have 16 problems in total: 13 problems for regular credit and 3 for extra credit.\
The duration will be 3 hours, however we will be liberal with extra time if the need be. The exam is from 6 PM to 9 PM in TIL 258 (regular classroom). It's open book (usual open book policy we have been following so far: no electronic stuff).\
Each of the first 13 problems will be worth 10 points each. This means that the final exam score is out of 130. Among the 13 regular credit problems, the first 8 will be easy and the last 5 will be medium as far difficulty level goes. \
Two of the extra credit problems will be worth 20 points each, and one of them will be worth 30 points. The extra credit problems will be harder than the regular credit problems, though still within reach if you've prepared well.\
Let me explain how the extra credit on the finals will work: when curving to come up with cut-offs for grades I will not include the extra credit for anyone. After I've curved and come up with cut-offs for grades I will add back the extra credit on the finals to you final exam score and then assign final grades. \
Here's the topics/lectures for the easy, medium, and hard (Extra Credit) problems will be based on:\
Easy (Total of 8 problems, accounting for 80 points in total):   1 problem on basics of counting (Lecture 2,3 and 4), 1 problem on binomial coefficients and their properties (Lecture 4 and 5), 1 problem on inclusion-exclusion involving two sets (Lecture 5), 2 problems on probability basics (Lecture 7), 2 problems on conditional probability (Lecture 8,9, and 10-1), 1 problem on basics of random variables (Lecture 10-2, 11).\
Medium (Total of 5 problems, accounting for 50 points in total):  1 problem on inclusion-exclusion involving three sets (Lecture 5 and 6), 2 problems on basics of random variables (Lecture 10-2, 11), 2 problems based on advanced stuff on random variables (Lecture 12 and 13).\
Hard (Extra credit only; total of 3 problems, accounting for 70 points of extra credit):  1 problem on random variables (Lecture 10-2, 11, 12, 13-1), and 2 problems on deviation from mean (Lecture 13-2).\
Good luck,\
Abhishek Bhrushundi}